Everything's
going to be fine.
LBJ literally called his the
"ugliest thing he ever saw."
LBJ must have been
a very vain man.
-You remember Clinton?
-I do.
Then you remember
how he got played.
-[ Laughs ]
-What? It's true.
Shadow of a blue dress,
painted right there beside him,
clear as day.
Fitz, the artist you chose
for your official presidential
portrait is phenomenal.
You have nothing
to worry about.
Teddy Roosevelt
didn't think he had
anything to worry about,
either.
His artist chose to depict him
as a mewling cat.
[ Chuckles ] Now you're worried
about looking like a cat?
You're enjoying this.
You have no idea.
Not helpful.
[ Chuckles ]
I have to go. Mellie's being
questioned tomorrow.
Right.
I suppose resembling a cat
should be the least
of my worries
when my ex-wife's presidency
is on the line, anyway.
♪♪
Fitz, I know whatever happens
with Mellie tomorrow
is going to
affect you, too.
I know that it's your legacy,
too, your story.
Exactly.
♪♪
So, how do you think
this story ends, Liv?
Any ideas?
And then, after the teaser,
we hit Kaylee Myers at Justice,
then we go to Michaels
at the White House.
He'll lead into his donut,
and then his Q and A
will be on the prompter.
So you are telling me
that we are making television
the same as we do
every night?
Was this the dream?
What our mothers
and grandmothers
burned their bras for?
So, that you would have
the cherished opportunity
to be in these hallowed halls
and waste my time?
Back away from me!
[ Sighs ]
Where's the countdown?
Man:
And running, three, two...
Lovers of Liberty,
brace yourselves,
for our top story
is more salacious
than the greatly respected
fair and unbiased nightly news
program I usually bring you,
but this is our reality.
This is happening
in America right now.
President Melody Grant
will be questioned
by a special prosecutor
as to whether or not
she tried to kill
Vice President Beene
by paying an assassin
to crash his plane
into our beloved
District of Columbia.
Whoa!
That's a mouthful.
President Grant has, of course,
denied these charges publicly,
but tomorrow the President
will be under oath.
Will she risk perjury
and repeat that denial
under the questioning
of Lonnie Mencken?
Only God and Mellie Grant
know the answer,
and that will be the
moment you, Lovers of Liberty,
find out the truth.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
On advice of counsel,
I respectfully decline
to answer and assert
my Fifth Amendment privilege.
It's that simple.
-It's not that simple, Helena.
I haven't done
anything wrong!
Madam President,
as your attorney,
I want to remind you that
invoking the Fifth Amendment --
Is the quickest way
to make it appear
as though she has
something to hide.
The second
you say those words,
you give them everything
they want.
Answer the questions
you're asked.
"Is it true that Charlie worked
on your campaign?" "Yes, it is."
"Did you later hire Charlie
to assassinate Cyrus Beene?"
"No, you did not."
You make it sound
like everything I have
isn't on the line right now.
-Tell the truth.
Do not plead the Fifth.
The truth is your armor.
♪♪
Madam President,
I see you got your hair done.
Camera's gonna love it!
♪♪
Lonnie: Do you,
Melody Margaret Grant,
solemnly swear to tell
the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
I do.
Marcus Walker.
Long time.
Autumn. What brings you
to this side of town?
My meeting at Justice
let out early,
so I'm going to play hooky for
a bit at the new Smithsonian.
You should join me.
I actually got a meeting
I should get to myself.
You still at Agriculture?
Agriculture?
I'm on the Hill now.
Klein.
-Intel committee?
Mm-hmm.
What was the meeting
about at Justice?
-Hm?
-The meeting at Justice.
What was it about?
Let me put it this way --
Be glad you don't work
at the White House anymore.
♪♪
Madam President, you do not deny
an association with the suspect
currently in custody for
the hijacking of Air Force Two?
That is correct.
♪♪
Were you aware that,
while working on your campaign,
this man,
Valentine Cascabel,
a.k.a. Norman Talesai,
a.k.a. Charlie,
was also in the employ of
Olivia Pope and associates?
I am aware. Yes.
♪♪
Madam President, why did you
fire Olivia Pope?
♪♪
Marcus!
Mellie's about to get hit.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Excuse me?
Why did you fire
your former Chief of Staff,
your current advisor,
Olivia Pope?
I didn't fire Ms. Pope.
She resigned.
And yet, here she is,
today, by your side.
[ Phone vibrates ]
Ms. Pope and I worked
together very closely,
very intensely for
an extended period of time.
First, in the campaign,
then here in the White House.
After a while, tensions rose.
It happens.
I see.
These tensions -- would
they have had anything to do
with Ms. Pope's plot
to assassinate
President Rashad
of Bashran?
♪♪
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Mellie: President Rashad.
We need to do something now.
-Olivia: What are you saying?
-I'm not saying anything.
I'm the President.
I don't need to know
the details.
What I need
is to guarantee myself
some semblance of
deniability, so...
Consider it handled,
Madam President.
Mr. Mencken, I don't know
what this is
or what you think
you're doing --
I'm establishing motive
for the hijacking
of Air Force Two, Ms. Young.
Vice President Beene found out
about your assassination attempt
on the Bashrani president.
He disapproved,
and when it became clear
that he wouldn't stay silent,
your solution was
to kill him too,
wasn't it,
Madam President?
♪♪
[ Whispering indistinctly ]
[ Softly ]
On the advice of counsel,
I respectfully decline
to answer
and assert my Fifth Amendment
privilege.
♪♪
There it is.
-Helena: We're done here.
-Lonnie: Very well.
Perhaps Ms. Pope will be
able to answer my questions
when we speak tomorrow.
-That's --
-A subpoena.
I look forward to
our conversation.
♪♪
Fitz: There's no way that
video's admissible.
Marcus:
How do they even have this?
It's B613.
There are cameras everywhere.
We are living
in a fishbowl.
Tell me that won't
hold up in court.
Blame it on
the PATRIOT Act.
Once you start working
against the state,
it's open season
on privacy.
I bet he was watching us.
I bet he was in that dumb,
stupid pool of his,
sitting in front
of some monitor
with that dumb,
stupid face of his.
Do you like that, Jake?
Are you proud of yourself?
Marcus: What if Liv
doesn't testify?
She'll be held
in contempt.
Fitz: Or worse,
she'll look guilty.
We need to get up to the Hill...
before they vote to impeach.
Let them know
they're being played.
Waste of time.
Jake Ballard's lying
and we're letting him.
We need to get ahead of this.
-I am telling you.
It won't work.
-Why not?
Because
we're already behind!
Congress knew about that tape
before we did.
Jake made sure of that.
The narrative has been set.
They have us in a corner.
We're clear about
what happens next.
Oh, yeah. Inquiry officially
turns its attention
to Olivia Carolyn Pope, just
as Admiral Ballard suggested.
Lonnie, do I detect
a problem?
Look, I don't kid myself about
what we're doing here --
conspiracy to overthrow the
President of the United States,
high treason.
I know what I signed up for.
And you know why.
All you do,
every law you break,
is for your country,
for your son.
I know why I'm here,
Vice President.
Why is he here?
-Who?
-Jake Ballard.
He's a ghost.
Jacob Ballard didn't exist
before joining the Navy.
You've been looking
into him?
How does a man without a past
get so lucky?
How does he climb so far,
so fast?
He might be pretty,
but he's not that pretty.
There's something else
going on here.
♪♪
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Hey.
I think I'm going to
work from home.
That's dinner?
Yeah, and breakfast
and lunch.
We've been going at this
so hard
I don't think I've eaten
since...
wait, yesterday?
Yeah, yesterday.
We wouldn't be putting
ourselves through this
if Liv had just killed Cyrus
when she had the chance.
We're happy she didn't.
-Yeah, but --
-We're happy she didn't.
You're just going to
have to accept
that, as long as Charlie's
behind bars,
I'm not going to be happy
about anything.
Well, blessed be.
I was told people
still worked here,
but I wasn't sure
I believed it.
Can I help you?
Yes, you can.
You see,
there is a rumor,
a rumor that Olivia Pope
has been subpoenaed
to testify against
the President.
I wonder if you would
like to comment.
Why would we comment
against Liv?
Because not too long ago,
it was this firm
that leaked the news
that Olivia Pope
had been fired
by the White House,
and so I presume
that you and Miss Pope
were not on ideal terms,
so can you help me?
We can help you.
Help you find the door.
It's right there
right behind you.
To be clear, if retribution
isn't incentive enough
to speak out against
Olivia Pope,
I'm prepared to pay you or at
least buy you a proper meal.
No, I like cereal.
It's full of nutrients.
Let me be blunt,
Miss Perkins.
Lawyers are expensive, and you
are going to need a good one
to liberate
your baby daddy.
Is that the word?
One thing I remember from my
brief tenure as President --
ugly things happen to people
in the bowels of the Pentagon.
♪♪
Well, if you change your mind,
you can call me at the studio.
♪♪
I'm sure
my Lovers of Liberty
would be quite excited
to hear your story.
Have a blessed evening.
♪♪
[ Keys rattle, lock disengages ]
Jake.
Give the lady a prize.
Am I supposed to be
afraid of you?
Is this supposed to
be scary?
No, I brought you
something.
You brought me something?
A gift.
Go ahead. Take it.
-What is that?
-Sand.
It's from the island.
Sand from the islands.
My little piece
of the sun, our sun.
Jake...
Here.
I want you to have it.
I don't want it.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
I would never call myself
a happy person.
Not coming from the people
I come from,
the trash
that I come from.
But I was happy once.
That island made me happy,
being on that island.
My feet on the sand,
the light on my face.
♪♪
Standing in the sun.
I was happy standing
in the sun...
with you.
Lessons learned, huh?
Jake, we never had
a chance.
Not a real one.
-My father --
-Our father.
And we did.
We had a chance.
♪♪
But you had things
you wanted to accomplish,
presidents you wanted to make,
and now so do I.
Don't do this.
I'm taking what is mine,
and you will not stand
in my way.
Tomorrow
when you are questioned,
you will tell Lonnie
that you killed President Rashad
at Mellie's request.
You will implicate the
President of the United States
and I will make sure
that you are pardoned
as soon as Cyrus
becomes President.
You don't have to be
this person.
This isn't you.
I know you.
-No.
You only dealt with me,
treated me like a human being
as long as I carried your bags,
fetched your toys,
kept you warm and defended,
like a good watchdog.
♪♪
The thing is, Olivia,
if you starve a dog
long enough,
it will tear you to pieces.
♪♪
[ Door opens, closes ]
Tracking the hacker
who hijacked Air Force Two
was a dead end, literally.
There was nothing left
that connects him to Cyrus?
There is nothing left that
connects him to hacking.
[ Sighs ]
[ Sighs ] So we can't nail him
on the Air Force Two thing.
Fine.
What if we went further back?
Cyrus Beene is not lacking
in past sins.
-Like Defiance.
-Exactly.
The man rigged
an election.
Election rigging
blows back on Liv.
And Mellie.
It would just be
another article
of her impeachment.
Okay.
H-- How about this?
Cyrus ordered a drone strike
against Liv. I was there.
-What?
-When you were kidnapped,
directing the CIA to take out
an American citizen.
That's something, right?
It would mean telling the world
that Fitz went to war
for his girlfriend.
No.
Cyrus killed Amanda Tanner.
Correction.
Charlie killed Amanda Tanner,
and I think we can all agree
he's been through enough.
And the last thing Mellie needs
right now
is for Fitz's philandering
to be back in the news.
Oh, what about Jake?!
Jake is his muscle.
We take him off the board
and Cyrus is exposed.
How?
Everything Jake did
was with my blessing
or in the name of Mellie.
Recently, sure, but returning
to past sins for a second,
he did act alone
when he murdered James.
David was there.
Killing James was
his first act as Command,
to keep him from
telling the world
that Sally Langston
murdered her husband,
a murder that Charlie and Quinn
covered up for B613.
♪♪
It's no use.
All roads lead back to us
or B613.
Anything we accuse them of
hurts us, too.
♪♪
Former Chief of Staff
Olivia Pope will be testifying
in a mere matter of hours now.
Exactly what she will
have to say
to Special Prosecutor Mencken
is still anyone's guess.
However, Washington insiders
are anticipating a smoking gun.
After Ms. Pope was served
her subpoena,
the House Judiciary Committee
began drafting
articles of impeachment.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
♪♪
♪ Yester-me, yester-you ♪
♪ Yesterday ♪
♪♪
♪ What happened to ♪
♪ The world we knew ♪
♪♪
♪ When we would dream
and scheme ♪
♪ And while the time away ♪
How many times have I told you,
you have to be what?
You are the gladiator.
I would gladly follow you
over a cliff.
You have to be what?!
Twice.
What?!
"We the people" --
it's everything.
Twice as good.
Twice as good as them to
get half of what they have.
But you got to show up.
You got to be a warrior.
You don't get to pick
and choose
when the real Olivia Pope
walks through that door.
Rowan: If there are
no more white hats,
if the deck is
always stacked,
and if everyone you love
is a monster,
there is, in fact,
someone worth saving.
♪ ...cry for you... ♪
-Who?
-Everyone!
-You are the gladiator.
-Everyone is worth saving,
even the monsters,
even the demons.
Everyone is worth saving.
You have to be what?
But you got to show up.
You got to be a warrior.
"We the people" --
it's everything.
Rowan:
In the face of darkness,
you drag everyone
into the light.
That is the point.
At least, I'd like to think
that is the point of you.
It's a new world.
♪ Yesterday, yester-me ♪
Do you, Olivia Carolyn Pope,
solemnly swear
to tell the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth,
so help you God?
I do.
Ms. Pope, you were present
for the interview
of President Grant.
You are familiar with the video
surveillance recording
presented as evidence
at said interview.
Yes.
With that in mind,
I prefer to get
right to the point.
Did President Grant
give you an order
to assassinate
President Rashad?
♪♪
There are many presumptions
included in that question.
It's a simple question --
yes or no?
Did the President --
-That's presuming
that President Rashad
was assassinated.
There's evidence to that
submitted to the record,
evidence provided --
-Evidence is evidence.
-It's not fact, it's not --
-I understand
you don't want to answer
the question, Ms. Pope,
but you have been compelled
to answer
by the authority vested in me
by the Justice Department
and the Constitution itself.
So you can answer
or you can plead the Fifth.
I remind you --
You're under oath.
♪♪
Now...
did President Grant
give you an order
to assassinate
President Rashad?
♪♪
No, I did.
You did?
I gave the order
by the authority vested in me
by my post
as Command of B613,
a secret intelligence unit
walled off
from all other agencies
within the U.S. government.
An organization that
has existed for decades,
an organization being run by
Jake Ballard out of the old pool
under the White House
briefing room at this moment.
An organization
that is secretly funded
through a loophole
in the defense budget.
Hold it.
Back up right there.
You're admitting
to the assassination
of President Rashad on behalf
of President Grant?
No, on behalf of the Republic,
which B613 has protected
or pretended to protect
for the last 30 years.
Let me get this --
you're asking me to believe
that there is a secret CIA
being controlled
from the White House?
No, you're not getting it.
This deep-state
intelligence agency
is not controlled
from the White House.
It controls
the White House.
♪♪
Why don't we take a break?
Are you done
with Olivia Pope already?
You must have made
quick work of her.
Step aside,
Admiral Ballard.
♪♪
What the hell do you think
you're doing?
Standing in the sun.
You're going to have
to say that again.
She outed B613,
outed herself as Command.
So it's true.
Everything Olivia Pope told me.
I'm sorry.
Is that camera on?
I'm not seeing
the little red light.
-This B613 -- it exists?
-Oh, right.
It's probably because
you haven't served me
with one of your subpoenas,
which means --
and correct me
if I'm wrong --
but I don't have to answer
a single one of your questions.
No, not yet, but you will.
I'm afraid I'm not much
of a computer guy.
Old dog, new tricks,
I guess.
But I have a couple of young
eggheads down in my office
who can't get enough
of that stuff.
And I bet it's going to
be like Christmas morning
when they open up all those
neat toys you have in that pool.
And then you will be served
and that camera will be on
and you will
answer every question.
[ Phone rings ]
♪♪
You have something?
We're at the location
that you specified, sir,
but there's nothing here.
Wait, you mean there's
nothing on the servers?
There are no servers.
It's just an empty pool, sir.
-What, that's --
-We can keep looking.
♪♪
Never mind.
That will be all.
♪♪
You take me for a fool?
You really don't want me
to answer that,
but it would be foolish
to pursue this B613
thing any longer.
♪♪
[ Sighs]
You want my advice?
Forget Olivia Pope's testimony.
Make it disappear.
In fact, I'll take care
of that for you.
The card's still
in here, right?
Yep.
I'm also going to need
the transcripts
when you get a chance.
Oh, that twinge
you're feeling
in the pit of your stomach
right now?
That means you're in
over your head,
messing with forces way
beyond your comprehension.
Trust it.
Walk away.
♪♪
-He what?
-David: Buried your testimony.
Jake probably covered
everything up.
Mellie: Thank God.
I hate to say it, but Jake
just helped us out big time.
-No.
-What were you...
Were you out
of your mind?
I am not crazy and my testimony
was not a mistake.
The truth is the answer.
It has to come out,
all of it.
The existence of B613
falls on all of us.
It makes us complicit in...
I don't even know
how many crimes.
Treason, for starters,
which is punishable by death,
so the hundreds of others
don't really matter.
Treason, Olivia.
You didn't know about
the killing of Rashad,
and you can deny you knew
anything about B613.
Or you can tell
the truth.
The truth?
The truth.
It's all we have now
to stop Jake and Cyrus.
The only way
to end this all
is to open the lid on this
secret underground world
and fill it with light.
We have to speak up.
And say what?!
"Sorry, America.
You actually have no control
over your government."
-I don't know.
-So what exactly is your plan?
I don't know.
♪♪
All I know is this is
bigger than us.
This is about the country.
This is about patriotism.
The end of politics,
the beginning of leadership.
It all has to come down,
no matter the cost.
We have to admit our sins,
to clear the air
for the sake of the future
of this nation!
If people know
what's been happening
under their noses for
the last three decades --
They would pick up
their pitchforks
and their
semi-automatic rifles,
they would storm the gate.
They would lock us
all away forever!
-That's the nice version.
-Maybe.
Or maybe they'll wake up.
Or maybe they'll take
their country back.
Wake up?
You say that like
it's a good thing.
People are --
-Don't say "stupid."
Unpredictable.
We have no way to control what
happens to us if this gets out.
The truth is scary,
but it is also powerful,
and it is the best,
the only weapon we have
to keep Jake and Cyrus out of
power and save this country.
Mellie and me.
You made us Presidents.
What you're suggesting would
strip us of all of our power,
all our credibility,
our legacy,
our ability to make positive
change in this world.
Your ludicrous confession
would have defined everything
I've done as President,
everything Mellie has done,
and kill all my efforts for my
foundation to help this country.
Do you think if there
were any other way
that I would have done this?
Do you think
I want to go down
for what I did for Fitz
and Mellie Grant,
for this country?
We are not the heroes
of this story.
We are the villains.
This is your chance
to be a hero.
This is positive change.
The lid is coming off.
I will make sure of it.
I will find a way.
And when it does,
I can't protect you.
I can't even protect myself.
♪♪
So decide whether
you want to dodge and weave
and protect your legacies
or stand before the world
and admit our sins
and hope that the next
generation of leaders
decide to be better
than we were.
♪♪
[ Door slams ]
You told Lonnie Mencken
about B613?
I knew it. I knew they were
backing you into a corner
and you were going to do
something drastic,
but this is suicide.
-Enough.
I can't have
this conversation.
I've had this conversation
enough today.
I don't need a lecture.
I need help.
Lonnie
knows what he knows.
I need a way
to convince him to act.
I can get my toolbox.
That's the wrong kind
of pressure.
No, we don't need a pair of
pliers to change Lonnie's mind.
We can let America
do it for us.
A super-secret
spy organization?
How stupid must you
consider me to be?
This isn't a scoop.
This is some juvenile attempt
to bamboozle me
into spreading fake news.
I am here because
Cyrus Beene is the devil.
You already know that.
What you don't know is that
he's corrupted Lonnie Mencken,
a good man who can still be
convinced to do the right thing
if we put pressure on him.
You mean if my viewers
put pressure on him.
I'll have to have
proof first.
Proof?
It is a secret spy agency.
They don't give receipts.
The whole point of B613
is that there is no B613.
Well, I'm not risking my
spotless reputation without it,
but find me evidence
and I will ring my bell with it
for all to hear.
Now excuse me.
This face does
not put itself on.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
So, what are you
going to do?
I don't know.
I used to think about those
one-term presidents
as such failures.
Now what I wouldn't give
to be one of those losers.
I know
this can't be easy.
Easy?
You know
this can't be easy?
-Okay, I didn't mean to --
-You know what isn't easy?
Watching your father leave
and never come back,
seeing your husband
get shot in the head,
burying
your first-born child.
Those things weren't easy,
but each and every one of them
was a lesson,
a God-given challenge
that allowed my becoming
the first female President
to make all the pain
and suffering worth it.
What is the lesson now?
Maybe the lesson is that
you get judged
by the company you keep.
What does that mean?
Do you want me
to keep it real?
Of course.
Okay.
[ Door locks ]
You're all sharks.
Excuse me?
You, Fitz, Cyrus, Olivia.
I've been here
a while now,
and I've heard things
over the years --
election rigging,
blackmail, murder.
I never killed anybody.
But you surrounded
yourself
with murderers,
criminals, sharks.
They work for you,
helped you to get to the place
you're standing, and now
you're horrified and surprised
that one of your sharks
attacked you,
went for your blood,
behaved like a shark.
Cyrus is a traitor.
Not just to me,
but to his country.
So this is about
the country?
It's always
about the country!
No, Mellie.
It's about you.
You care about doing
whatever it takes
to keep your job
and to protect your legacy.
That's fine. But don't try
to have a pity party
for a situation
that you created.
♪♪
[ Exhales ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
Jake: This doesn't ever
get boring?
Ha! Never!
Um, what brings
you here?
I wanted to see you.
Here I am, being seen.
I know this -- everything that's
been happening is not easy.
It's not easy
for any of us.
But I wanted you to know
that I'm doing it
for the right reasons.
Olivia is an unfortunate
casualty.
She's standing in the way
of what needs to be done.
She's endangering
the Republic.
I'm saving it.
Okay.
"Okay"?
[ Sighs ]
You know why I love her?
Why she brings me
so much joy?
She is the sum of her DNA,
a portrait of survival,
a monument to lessons learned.
Her superiority
is owned in her history.
Evolution, extinction --
no matter.
Her species can stand proud.
My species --
Okay, old man, I didn't come
here for a lecture.
Shut up and listen.
You've taken the title --
Command, B613.
The throne is yours.
You think you've done it.
You think
victory is yours.
You should feel all warm
and giddy inside.
Instead...
something's missing,
right?
So you're here.
Not for a lecture,
of course not.
To come for a lecture
would mean that you understand
that you still have
something to learn.
No, no, no, no, no, no!
You came here
for applause.
You came for a hug,
an attaboy from Daddy
because you think
that is what is missing.
You think you need me to tell
you, "Good job, well done."
You think you need
to hear how proud I am of you.
You think you need my applause
and if I give you that,
that will fill the holes
and somehow you will
actually be the king.
Okay, let's try.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Good job.
Well done.
I am so proud
of you, son.
[ Laughs ]
Attaboy.
[ Applauds ]
Bravo.
I came to tell you
that I am Command now,
and I can be kind to you
or I can be cruel.
I have the power now
and you need to realize --
You have nothing.
That's my point.
[ Scoffs ]
How could I have failed both you
and Olivia so spectacularly?
The two of you scurry
around this town,
squawking to anyone
who will listen
about how powerful
you are.
How have you learned so little
sitting at my right hand,
absorbing nothing?
If you have to tell me
how powerful you are,
you ain't nobody!
You got nothing!
You have no power!
Real power is silent.
Real power is hidden.
Real power
was there all along.
Real power cannot be gained
and never can be lost.
It is not a commodity.
It is who you are.
[ Chuckles ]
I am power.
Absolute, total,
unyielding power.
I will always be power,
and I keep waiting for one
of you to step up and join me
because it is so lonely
up here at the top.
Running the world?
Really?
Running the world
and seeing all its moving parts
is exhausting.
The sacrifices, the losses,
the endless deaths,
the level of responsibility.
"Command" may be a title,
but it is not a job.
You may call yourself
Command.
She may have called herself
Do either of you actually think
you ever took Command from me?
How I wish. [ Chuckles ]
How I wish one of you
would evolve
so that I could call myself
extinct.
[ Sighs ]
You cannot take Command, son.
It is trapped in my bones.
[ Sighs ] So...
[ Sighs ]
Run along.
[ Chuckles ]
And leave me here
with the other dinosaurs.
[ Gun cocks ]
♪♪
I could kill you
right now.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
But you won't.
♪♪
I will be here for you,
son,
when you fall.
♪♪
Just stay out of my way.
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
♪♪
I want to help.
Thank you.
The only problem is I'm not
sure there's anything
for me to actually do
in this situation.
I'm completely
useless here.
The only thing either one of us
can do at this point is wait.
Wait and see
what happens.
With Sally Langston,
of all people.
With Sally Langston.
♪♪
Hey.
At least we figured
something out.
Yeah? What?
♪♪
How this story ends.
It ends with us.
♪♪
It ends with us doing
what's right for the country.
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
I checked all the old drops --
Rock Creek Cemetery,
Buzzard Point Park, the National
Zoo, but there's nothing.
No flash drives,
no folders, nothing.
Nothing online either.
The last time Rowan
covered his tracks,
he scrubbed and overwrote
all the deep web caches.
I've been searching old
police reports for smoking guns.
No luck there either.
So, short of holding
Jake at gunpoint
and demanding that he
turn over his secret stash...
We have nothing
for Sally.
Maybe that's okay.
Maybe failing at this
isn't such a bad thing.
What Liv wants -- sacrificing
herself for the greater good --
I mean, how much good
would actually come
if Liv goes to prison?
If it means Cyrus won't
be President, a lot.
Ultimately, the presidency
is just a job.
We're talking about
Olivia's life and ours.
Turning over evidence of B613 --
that implicates all of us.
Liv would protect us.
-But what if she can't.
-We're missing the point.
This isn't
about Mellie's job.
It's is about a rot at the core
of American democracy,
about doing whatever it takes
to flush that rot out for good.
Restoring
transparency, trust,
common stewardship for,
you know, the Republic.
This does sound so much better
when Liv says it.
I know.
Okay.
[ Clears throat ]
How about this?
This is about Liv handling this,
fixing what needs fixing,
wanting to go down
and make things right.
That's how we know
she's the old Liv again.
♪♪
Okay. You're right.
But without proof,
she can't fix it.
Well, there is...
something.
[ Camera shutter clicking ]
You couldn't find
any evidence?
No evidence,
but something else.
Witnesses willing to testify
at length about B613.
Okay. Witnesses.
Who?
No.
Absolutely not.
Huck and I
were B613 agents.
We worked our way up
from the paper desk.
We know everything.
-Methodologies, dates, details.
Details I can corroborate.
I've been close enough.
I've seen enough.
I told you,
this is my decision.
I'll protect you
from the consequences.
We know. That's exactly
why we're by your side.
By my side?
Do you know where I'm heading?
Over a cliff.
-He's right, Liv.
-By your side.
♪♪
Over a cliff.
You still have
a choice here.
I can keep your name
out of this,
deny you had any knowledge
of B613, or --
-You can tell the truth.
-I can tell the truth.
It's up to you.
[ Sighs ]
Everything in me is saying
that letting B613 come out,
to be known to the world,
is the biggest mistake
I will ever make.
Problem is, I've already made
the biggest mistake
I'll ever make --
not listening to you.
If we do this,
it may very well be
the last thing we ever do
together.
♪♪
Maybe they'll give us
side-by-side prison cells.
[ Chuckling ]
Maybe.
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
Okay.
Sally: Hello, Lovers.
As you know, I have been one
of the Grant family's
most vociferous critics.
Not today.
Today I leap
to Mellie Grant's aid
with the alacrity of an angel.
Not in the name
of partisanship,
but in the name of liberty.
Thanks to the courage of
some very brave individuals,
it has come to my attention
that,
for the last 30-odd years,
our country has been led,
not by our President,
but by a top-secret
spy organization
operating within our government
on our government's dime...
-No, no, no, no, no.
-...in our government's name.
These are the traitors
who tried to bring down
Air Force Two.
These are the traitors
who seek to frame
Mellie Grant for that crime.
These are the traitors
Mr. Lonnie Mencken,
who should be dragged
out of the darkness
and into the light
so they can finally be held
accountable.
It will not be easy.
The enemy is formidable,
but it is necessary,
for this is the fight
of our time.
Stand with me, Lovers.
Demand justice, take action.
God bless you, Lovers,
and God bless America,
or at least what's
left of it.
Here we go.
[ Phones ringing ]
♪♪